# Meeting Notes

## Attendees

- Jonathan
- Mohamed
- Utkarsh
- Sinead
- Ing 
- Megha

## Discussion Points

- Jonathan and Mohamed have established a sequence clustering method on dummy data and will seek to apply to defined study population shortly. 
  This method uses licenced software which is unlikely to be easily hosted elsewhere.
- Utkarsh will use association mining and latent class analysis on Scottish data. Data availability is about 5-6 months away.
- There was agreement that association mining and latent class analysis could be replicate on all datasets by local research teams.
- Born in Bradford does not have local analysts.
- Ing noted that Tom Taverner's k-modes and UMAP methods could be part of core methods group.
- Mohamed highlighted machine learning methods. Chris suggested it could be adopted but someone would have to do it.
- Chris posed that a useful framework is for each regional team to work independently and in parallel to derive clusters/sequences on their local data sets (these can be published independently).
  This will need to be completed by an agreed central MUM-PREDICT for a multi-national/data source comparison highlighting similarities, inconsistencies and work to be done.
- The goal is to ensure that we have a deliverable initial set of clusters by the 12-18 month milestone (exact date to be agreed).
- Chris indicated that multi-state modelling development would take some time to develop to overcome the exponential number of states when the number of conditions and is probably going to be best used to explore specific questions or inconsistencies in the latter analysis stages rather than the main cluster discovery approach. 

## Action Points

- Chris to feedback discussion to main WP1 meeting (2/11/2021).
- Chris to determine core set of methods.    
